{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1044\deflangfe1044\deftab708{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\s2\cf1\lang1033\ul\b\f0\fs20 Version history\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf0\ulnone\b0\fs24\par
\b\fs16 Version 5.3.0.1 (September 29\up9 th\up0 , 2009)\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\b0 Fixed unicode bug.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\par
\pard\nowidctlpar Version 5.3.0 (April, 2009)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\b0\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Updated to support Inno Setup version 5.3.0.\b\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
Version 5.2.1 (October 15\up9 th\up0 , 2007)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for new Inno Setup directives in version 5.2.1.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\fs16\par
Version 5.2.0.1 (September 27\up9 th\up0 , 2007)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed bugs introduced in version 5.2.0.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\fs16\par
Version 5.2.0 (September 21\up9 st\up0 , 2007)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for new Inno Setup directives up to version 5.2.0.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\fs16\par
Version 5.1.8 (October 18\up9 th\up0 , 2006)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for new Inno Setup directives up to version 5.1.8.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\fs16\par
Version 5.1.6 (May 13\up9 th\up0 , 2006)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Only minor bugs fixed.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\fs16\par
Version 5.1.5 (August 25\up9 th\up0 , 2005)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for new Inno Setup directives up to version 5.1.5.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 5.0.8 (Mars 11\up9 th\up0 , 2005)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Made files dialog wider and not so tall.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\fs16\par
Version 5.0.6.1 (January 4\up9 th\up0 , 2005)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed the SHGetFolderPathA bug.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 5.0.6 (December 25\up9 th\up0 , 2004)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Syntax colors can finally be customized.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Uses ini file for settings instead of Registry.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Tooltips can be translated.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Doesn't truncate whitespace at the beginning of lines.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bug fixes.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Inno Setup 5.0.6 support.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 4.2.7 (July 15\up9 th\up0 , 2004)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for Inno Setup 4.2.7.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Some bug fixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 4.2.4 (June 4\up9 th\up0 , 2004)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New directives and flags from Inno Setup 4.2.2 through 4.2.4.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 4.2.1 (April 4\up9 th\up0 , 2004)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New directives and flags from IS 4.2.0 and 4.2.1.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added [CustomMessages] section.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Option to not add name of output exe to script.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Tool tips added to most dialogs and removed context help.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Lots of bugs fixed.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\fs16\par
Version 4.1.8 (Mars 3\up9 rd\up0 , 2004)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Remembers lzma/max compression level.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Pre-processing of ISTool sections should work again.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 If pre-processing of ISTool sections is enabled, ISTool will send the pre-processed code directly to Inno Setup without preprocessing again.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 The "Save As" dialog now fills in the existing file name.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Running the setup (F5) should now execute the last compiled setup.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added menu item for ISPP help on the help menu.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Using Scintilla version 1.59.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Properties can be edited from the script section. Try clicking "Properties" on the toolbar to open properties for the current line.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bug fixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 4.1.5 (February 16\up9 th\up0 , 2004)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New improved(?) language file selection.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Vertical tab lines can be turned off.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added auto indent to editor.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Line numbers in editor can be hidden.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bug fixes in search and replace functions.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Removed the 7-zip support and added support for IS lzma compression.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 4.1.3 (January 30\up9 th\up0 , 2004)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed "OutputBaseFilename=\{#AppName\}_\{#AppVersion\}" when using 7-zip.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 All ISTool sections should now be pre-processed (if pre-processing is enabled).\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bug fixes.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Simple intellisense on objects created with CreateOleObject.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Tab size can be customized.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for Inno Setup 4.1.3\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 4.1.0 (January 17\up9 th\up0 , 2004)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for all new directives and options from Inno Setup version 4.0.11 and 4.1.0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Option for pre-processing script using ISPP before sending it to compiler. Disabled by default.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 4.0.10\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 7-zip compression uses 7za.dll instead 7za.exe.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 When using 7-zip, "OutputBaseFilename" is always "setup".\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Experimental ISPP support. Before script is compiled it is sent to ISPP for pre-processing without compiling. This way pre-processor directives are supported in all sections. Line numbers in error messages will be wrong!\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Supports Inno Setup 4.0.10 (TimeStampsInUTC, ShowLanguageDialog, LanguageDetectionMethod).\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 4.0.9\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Using Scintilla 1.56.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Supports new Inno Setup 4.0.9 features.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 4.0.8.1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 To compile from the command line: "istool.exe -compile myscript.iss"\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 The previous setup didn't work on Win2003, this should.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 4.0.8\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bug fixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 4.0.7.1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 When using 7-zip the output directory wasn't created.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed "Languges" typo.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed bug in download code.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Title of dialogs sometimes show strange things.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 4.0.7\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bug fixes (as always).\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for Inno Setup 4.0.5 flags.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added support for 7-zip compression. If you select 7-zip compression ISTool will automatically disable Inno Setup compression, and create a self extracting file using 7-zip compression after compilation.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 4.0.4.1 (July 10\up9 th\up0 , 2003)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Section dependent syntax highlighting; flags defined for the files section won't be highlighted for other sections.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 The ISTool Download section supports tasks, components, and languages.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 4.0.4 (July 3\up9 rd\up0 , 2003)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Removed remains of ISX support.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Replaced CrystalEdit with Scintilla.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Autocomplete and calltips (all support functions and constants, see calltips.txt).\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Can display a tooltip about words under mouse (see calltips.txt).\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Verson 4.0.2 (May 21\up9 st\up0 , 2003)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Minor tweaks, changes, and bug fixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Updated tooltip help.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 MessagesFiles setup directive is converted to Languages section.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Option to uninstall the current application.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for new features in IS 4.0.2 beta.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.9.9 (April 25\up9 th\up0 , 2003)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for new features in IS 4.0.0-pre1.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Redesigned setup options and created additional pages to make it a little less crowded.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.0.6.3 (Mars 17\up9 th\up0 , 2003)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Adds \{src\} constant when adding dropped external files.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added drag and drop to script and code editor.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Some improvements to "Find" and "Replace" dialogs.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added a button on the uninstall options page to generate a guid for Application ID.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Option (Project->Log File) to set log file.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Romanian translations by Grigore Dolghin.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Improved registry import.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Thanks to Ivo Bauer for the Czech translation.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Thanks to Gaivoronsky Vladimir for the Russian translation.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed crash when trying to copy/cut in tree views.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.0.6.2 (January 15\up9 th\up0 , 2003)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed import of message files (.isl) with empty lines.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 DefaultUserInfoSerial from ISX 3.0.6.1\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Work in progress: Experimental constants popup window in the script and code sections (press Ctrl+Space).\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Can specify dropped files as external.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Italian language file by Renato Ghioldi.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Portuguese (Brazil) language file by Fabricio Biazzotto.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 A few bug fixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.0.6.1 (January 5\up9 th\up0 , 2003)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Thanks to Jose Antonio Mu\'f1oz for the Spanish translation.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Handles line spanning (might look silly inside ISTool).\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New experimental download section (requires ISX).\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Automatically goes to current section/line when switching to script section.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added option to go directly to line from script and code sections.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed possible crash when exiting while in script/code section.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Can write compile log to file. LogFile=filename and LogFileAppend=true|false in [_ISTool] section.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Saves width of section panel.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed bug in "Replace All".\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Removes references to deleted tasks and components.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Other small bugfixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.0.6 (December 31, 2002)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Menus are not translated on NT4 (sorry).\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Thanks to Marc Keeley ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.glyfz.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf2 http://www.glyfz.com/}}}\f0\fs16 ) for the new main icon and some toolbar images.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Thanks to Romain Petges for one of the new icons available in ISTool.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for new IS(X) 3.0.6 flags.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Thanks to L\'e1szl\'f3 F\'e1bi\'e1n for the Hungarian translation.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.0.4.3 (December 12, 2002)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Includes iwz2iss plugin by Michal Kulczycki to convert InstallShield Projects to Inno Setup.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Files will be placed in the selected directory when inserting files and a directory is selected.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bug fixes.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added French language file (thanks to Jean-Michel Coinus).\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added Polish language file (thanks to Michal Kulczycki).\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Removed VB, DAO and BDE. Use #include instead.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added horizontal scrollbar to the compile window.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.0.4.2 (November 20, 2002)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed a bug in the script loader.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed bug in icon properties.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Language Mode allows for easy translation to other languages. Only menus and dialogs.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Includes German language file (thanks to Michael Reitz).\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 I think I've fixed the copy/paste bug in the script section.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed a bug when moving first line.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.0.4.1 (November 01, 2002)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed bug in messages section.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed creation of file associations.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed strange looking icons on WinNT and Win2000.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Strips away leading and trailing spaces on unquoted parameters.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Can select default startup section.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed column bug (and therefore settings will be erased on fresh install this time also).\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Other minor fixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.0.4 (October 21, 2002)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added version information for Win2000 SP3, WinXP SP1, and Win.NET.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added toolbar buttons for Compile and Run setup.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Moved script view to first tab.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Error message for missing IS and ISX directories now states which of them is missing.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Increased size of compile window.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 The old treeview is back.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bug fixes.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Supports IS version 3.0.4 and ISX version 3.0.4.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.0.3.5 (September 19, 2002)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Syntax coloring for preprocessor directives (anything that starts with #).\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bug fixes and other minor changes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.0.3.4 (September 17, 2002)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed opening help files. Any real help still missing though.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Includes experimental Norwegian translation.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bug fixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.0.3.3 (September 16, 2002)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bug fixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.0.3.2 (September 13, 2002)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Will not close modified scripts without asking.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed strange window placement.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Property sheets are centered in main window like before.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Other bug fixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.0.3.1 (September 12, 2002)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Lots of bug fixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Altered layout.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.0.3 (September 1, 2002)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed version checking.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bug fix in import of setup.lst icons.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Admin privileges not longer required for install.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Print script and code sections. No colors.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 ListView is default.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 MFC to WTL => lots of new bugs.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\fs16\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b Version 3.0.2.1 (June 17, 2002)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Correctly saves all sections.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 All toolbar icons are displayed.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Shows line number if errors occur during compilation.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 No more empty message boxes?\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.0.2 (June 6, 2002)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Setup includes ISX Download DLL.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Removed support for CodeFile and WizardDebug setup directives.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New toolbar buttons for Windows XP, with large and small icons.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Reads setup.lst files.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Links section removed. Use #include instead.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bugfixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.0.1.1 (April 9, 2002)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Edits StatusMsg on Run-entries correctly.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Open and save dialogs should function correctly on older versions of Windows.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.0.1 (April 4, 2002)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Lots of bug fixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 ComboBox with available functions for Check parameter (ISX).\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added tab for selecting language in preferences. No languages yet though.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 UninstallRestartComputer setup directive.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New Files section flag: uninsrestartdelete.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 3.0.0 (February 18, 2002)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Mousewheel support in text editor.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New features from IS 3.0.0-beta.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Can edit code section without first having to create it inside the script section.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.1.13 (January 6, 2002)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 AllowUNCPath setup directive.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Quotes parameters with leading or trailing spaces.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.1.12 (November 20, 2001)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Supports Compression and InternalCompressLevel directives.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Minor changes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.1.11 (October 6, 2001)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for new IS and ISX directives.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Supports XP themes.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bug fixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.1.10 (July 8, 2001)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed component bug on directories.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\fs16\par
Version 1.1.9 (July 7, 2001)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed path problems with code section again.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Other small bug fixes\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.1.8 (June 19, 2001)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bug fixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Read only code files can't be edited.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.1.7 (June 11, 2001)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed bug that didn't include the latest changes when compiling from the script section.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Searches better for CodeFile, hopefully no more bugs there.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Preference option to overwrite existing messages when importing. Should help a little with translating.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Export from message section.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for attribs in [Dirs] section.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.1.6 (June 7, 2001)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Saving from the code-section doesn't mess up the script.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Highlights "true" and "false" in the code section, even though they're not reserved keywords.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 If the code file cannot be found (either it doesn't exists, or ISTools bugs again), you can now switch away from the code section.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Relative paths to CodeFile should work as expected.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.1.5 (May 29, 2001)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Improved syntax highlighting a bit (I hope).\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Code section for editing the code section or the file specified with the CodeFile parameter.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bug fixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.1.4 (May 26, 2001)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Syntax highlighting of [Code] section.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.1.3 (April 23, 2001)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Finally added standard icons for open/save.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 When a script is opened, the showcheckbox flag is replaced with the postinstall flag in the [Run]-section.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Adds DefaultIcon when creating associations.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 When verifying if file exists, only the 10 first files are listed.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New parameter HotKey in [Icons] section.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New [Setup] directives AlwaysShowDirOnReadyPage and AlwaysShowGroupOnReadyPage.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Help menu option to check for updates.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Window for editing language options.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Tells users to install IS or ISX if none of them are installed.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New ISTool sections Links, that merges several scripts into one when compiling. Duplicate [Setup] section entries and such is not removed, and will give errors during compile. Line numbers might not be correct either. This merging is only performed when compiling from ISTool not when opening the script in IS.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New flag in [Run] section: hidewizard.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Other fixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.1.2 (April 10, 2001)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 StatusMsg property can be shown in the run section.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Shouldn't complain so much about missing paths to compiler.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New [Files] section flag: noregerror\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New [Tasks] section flags: restart, checkedonce\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Directory structure in the treeview gets listed in alphabetical order.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Treeview is updated if file name is changed.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 When a script is opened, the isreadme flag is removed and replaced with an run-section entry.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 To prevent compiler errors unknown types automatically get removed from components when adding or editing types. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Component filter is updated when components are added or modified.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New function "Project->Verify Files" that verifies that files exists.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Improved creation of ODBC-profiles.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New help file. Deleted the old one which was pretty useless, and started from scratch with HtmlHelp. Still very little information in there, but let me know what you want and I'll add it. Still using WinHelp for the context help popups though.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\fs16\par
Version 1.1.1 (Mars 2, 2001)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Better support for line breaks in messages.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Uses "0" for version information if only one of 9x or NT is specified.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added "Don't Install/No Limit" to version editing.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed bug in creation of file associations.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Locates .isl files if they are placed relative to SourceDir.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Displays the Attribs property again.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 StatusMsg parameter on Run entries.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Icon index on the icon properties page is working again.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Correctly displays registry constants containing other constants.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 When editing messages the default message is shown.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added Files section recursesubdirs flag.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Other bug fixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.1.0 (January 25, 2001)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 When filtered on a component, delete asks if you want to remove the item from the filtered component.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 The section bar to the left now always shows the current section.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Deleted components will be removed from the component filter.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Flag checkboxes were sometimes grayed out for no reason.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Option to create Internet shortcuts.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Internal code cleanup and bug generation.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for everything (I hope) in Inno Setup 2.0.0-beta1.  Only means that a few dialogs and controls have been rearranged.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Internal script wizard removed, now uses the much better one in Inno Setup.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.0.9 (January 01, 2001)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for onlyifdestfileexists flag [IS 1.3.25].\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for CodeFile setup directive [ISX 1.3.24].\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for Check parameter [ISX 1.3.24/25].\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 A simple dialog for specifying parameters for Ralf Walh\'f6fer's AddAlias program.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 When dropping folders, ISTool won't remove the first part of the directory.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 DisableReadyPage setup directive [ISX 1.3.25].\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.0.8 (December 12, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for runmaximized flag [Inno Setup 1.3.24].\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 ISTool now \b REQUIRES\b0  iscmplr.dll for compiling.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 About box displays the versions of IS and ISX it will use.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Dialogs for directory browsing now has a "New Folder" button on Windows 2000 (and ME?).\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for ExtraDiskSpaceRequired on components [ISX 1.3.24].\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.0.7 (November 24, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Won't crash on folders in files and registry sections.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.0.6 (November 13, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Option to turn off question to test setup after compilation.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Function to compile and run setup without question (Ctrl+F5).\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Function to run setup without compiling first (F5).\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 No more soft scrolling in compiler.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Setting name to "\{group\}\\" on new icons.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Tree views only expand directory constants and missing folders.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bugfixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.0.5 (October 22, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Major internal changes (expect a few bugs).\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Title shows complete file path.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Indicator in window title if script has changed.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Component filter is invisible when ISX is disabled.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Customize editor font in preferences.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Project option to enable/disable absolute paths. If disabled added files will use a relative path.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Option to replace (c) with \'a9 in copyright fields.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Option to automatically select components if destination dir matches the name of a component.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added \{localappdata\} constant.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 When a component, type, or task is renamed, all other items using one of them are also renamed.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 When importing .reg files, escaped backslashes are unescaped.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Doesn't indicate OVERWRITE mode outside script section.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bugfixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.0.4 (October 07, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Inserts empty line between sections in script.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added possibility to filter on components.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 A New Script Wizard to ensure all necessary options are present.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New edit control (Crystal Edit) with syntax highlighting, drag-and-drop editing, search/replace, and undo/redo.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Move up and down on multiple selected lines.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New dialog for editing version information.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Compiles using IS DLL (if available).\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bugfixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\li45\fs16\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b Version 1.0.3 (September 23, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Cleaned up bugs introduced in version 1.0.2\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Preference option to enable ISX by default\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.0.2 (September 20, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added a dropdown menu on the options toolbar icon\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed background color direction\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 ISTool "section" in external .ist file are now moved to the .iss file. To use .ist files, use a text editor (or the script view) to copy the sections from the .ist file to the .iss file, and rename the sections to _ISToolPreCompile and _ISToolPostCompile.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 When importing .reg files, "\{" are replaced with "\{\{"\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Commas are replaced with spaces when importing binary registry data\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Experimental registry export\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Drop registry and ini files in registry and ini sections to import\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Apropriate open dialogs now lists .rtf files\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 In files section you now can drop files and folders directly on the folder you want to put them in\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Combo boxes replaced with edit controls when editing version information (will make a better solution later, when I find it)\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Directory constants are now shown with an alternative icon\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Saving to read-only files won't crash ISTool\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 ISX are now enabled per script, new files have ISX disabled by default.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Lots of small changes and fixes\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 1.0.1 (August 31, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Supports ISX tasks\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Wildcard support when dropping folders in files section\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Supports new IS 1.3.19 constants\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Preview of new \ldblquote File System\rdblquote  section that shows files, directories, and icons in the same view. There are no editing options yet, but if people like it, this will be added.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\b\fs16 Version 1.0.0 (August 05, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 No page faults when adding custom messages any more\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Moving items up or down preserves icon\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Unknown messages can be edited, but must be inserted in script view\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Any message that is specified in any of the script message files is valid.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Ignores case when comparing directory names\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Preference option to enable/disable opening of last project on startup.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 The color "Fuchsia" is now spelled correctly (was Fushcia)\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Corrected misspelled flag when inserting fonts\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Information bar uses old colors again\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Spaces in component names are replaced with underscores\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Supports ISX 1.3.17 (Not tasks)\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 0.91 (July 17, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for UninstallStyle setup directive [My Inno Setup Extensions 1.3.13]\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for create icon checkboxes on the finished page [My Inno Setup Extensions 1.3.13.1]\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed bug that prevented editing of description on run entries.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed bug that made ISTool run in an endless loop during startup if it hadn't been run before.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\fs16\par
Version 0.90 (July 16, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed bugs when inserting new elements into script.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New setup directives FlatComponentsList and ShowComponentSizes [Inno Setup Extensions 1.3.12.1]\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Possibility to run setup after compilation.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Pre and Post compilation steps.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New font used in information bar (Arial).\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Combo boxes in certain dialogs (like run, delete, ...) aren't populated before the arrow is pushed. This is because it takes a long time to populate them if there are thousands of files.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Opens last project on startup.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New Setup directive AppMutex supported [Inno Setup 1.3.14]\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New icon section flags: closeonexit and dontcloseonexit [Inno Setup 1.3.15]\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New registry section flag: dontcreatekey [Inno Setup 1.3.16]\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\fs16\par
Version 0.88 (June 08, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 MRU expanded to 10 files.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Parameters containing ';' is now quoted when saved.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\fs16\par
Version 0.87 (June 07, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New constants \{commonappdata\} and \{commondocs\} [Inno Setup 1.3.11]\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for new ISX options and flags [1.3.10.1 and 1.3.11]\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Major rewrite of the script handler to better support future options and parameters. Anything unknown is treated as comments, and unknown flags and options are preserved and written back to file. The downside is that ISTool can't tell you what is wrong, it just doesn't let you edit it visually, and it is probably filled with bugs :-)\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Options to alter the Source parameter of files to a path relative to the script's source directory.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New registry section flag (noerror) [Inno Setup 1.3.12]\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\b\fs16\par
Version 0.86 (May 22, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Supports deletekey and deletevalue flags when importing .reg files. \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Supports UsePreviousGroup setup directive [Inno Setup 1.3.10] \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for Inno Setup Extensions version 1.3.10. \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 0.85 (May 13, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bug fix on commented lines in the setup section. \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 runminimized and skipifdoesntexist flags in run section. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 deletekey and deletevalue flags in registry section. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 RunOnceId parameter added to uninstall run section. \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 0.84 (May 10, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Supports comments in all sections. \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Option to remove setup directives that equals defaults. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed registry import bug. \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 0.83 (May 07, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Resets UninstallDisplayIcon and UninstallDisplayName when choosing new. \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Fixed strange bug when item was selected in registry and new or open was selected. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added $ in front of all imported dword registry values. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added hotkey Ctrl+I for Create Icon. \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 0.82 (May 02, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added support for comments. Comments in [Setup] section are silently ignored. \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Slightly improved import from .reg files. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Lots of internal changes. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Select IconIndex from combo boxes. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 New editing of paths for system files \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Writes empty string (String: "") in ini-section if key is specified. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bits [Setup] directive is now ignored. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 DirExistsWarning [Setup] directive added [Inno Setup 1.3.6]. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 UninstallDisplayIcon [Setup] directive added [Inno Setup 1.3.6]. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 UninstallDisplayName [Setup] directive added [Inno Setup 1.3.6]. \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 0.80 (Apr 13, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Script section \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Toolbar button to select section \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 More complete help file \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Creation of ODBC profiles \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added setup for BDE and VB 5 & 6 system files \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Reorganized menus \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added BackColor2 [Setup] section directive [Inno Setup 1.3.3] \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added BackColorDirection [Setup] section directive [Inno Setup 1.3.3] \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added UninstallFilesDir [Setup] section directive [Inno Setup 1.3.3] \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added setup for DAO 3.5 files \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 0.76 (Apr 06, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added UsePreviousAppDir directive [Inno Setup 1.3.1] \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 0.75 (Apr 02, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Modified creation of associations. \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added AppID [Setup] section directive [Inno Setup 1.3.0] \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added UninstallLogMode [Setup] section directive [Inno Setup 1.3.0] \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added CreateUninstallRegKey [Setup] section directive [Inno Setup 1.3.0] \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added AppPublisher, AppPublisherURL, AppSupportURL, AppUpdatesURL, and AppVersion [Setup] section directives [Inno Setup 1.3.0] \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Support for new features in Inno Setup 1.3.0 \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added Directory and Shell Folder constants to context-menus [Suggested by Michael Reitz] \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Bug fixes. \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 0.74 (Feb 26, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added "Install Fonts" to Files context menu. Currently only TrueType fonts are supported. \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Now saves scripts with CR+LF (not only LF). \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added File->Compile Script (Ctrl+F9) to start Inno Setup and compile directly. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Preferences should no longer get lost. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Saves current script directory between sessions. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Displayed columns and column order can be customized. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Create Icon now works on multiple files and doesn't crash on directories any more. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Registry section can be viewed as a tree structure. \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 0.73 (Feb 13, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added some more keyboard shortcuts. \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added flags column to all relevant sections. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added DisableFinishedPage from Inno Setup 1.2.14 \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 0.72 (Feb 07, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Error when parameters contained ';' fixed. \fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Added changes from Inno Setup versions 1.2.10 - 1.2.12. \fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Couple of other minor fixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 0.71 (Jan 30, 2000)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Import from INI files.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Import from registry files.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Simple implementation of message section, with file import.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Very simple help file.\fs24\par
\f1\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 Lots of minor fixes.\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fs16\par
\b Version 0.70 (Dec 21, 1999)\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\tx720\b0\f1\fs24\'b7\f0\tab\fs16 First public release.\fs24\par
}
 